Socks proxy (#5)
ManickaP/blog-post-net7.0: socks-proxy.md

 - support for SOCKS proxy (community)
        - https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/17740

>         - https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/pull/48883

Reviewer: Are these lines still needed?

Author: Nope, removed.

# SOCKS Proxy support

> We have already written about this addition in [Preview 5 blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-6-preview-5/#libraries-socks-proxy-support). This was a long standing issue ([dotnet/runtime#17740](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/17740)) that got eventually implemented by a community contributor [Huo Yaoyuan](https://github.com/huoyaoyuan). This change added support for SOCKS4, SOCKS4a and SOCKS5 proxies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SOCKS proxy support was a long standing issue ([dotnet/runtime#17740](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/17740)) that got eventually implemented by a community contributor [Huo Yaoyuan](https://github.com/huoyaoyuan). This change added support for SOCKS4, SOCKS4a and SOCKS5 proxies. We have already mentioned it before in [Preview 5 blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-6-preview-5/#libraries-socks-proxy-support).
```

Author: I took some liberties with the reordering here, but I did some shuffles.

> SOCKS proxy is very versatile tool. For example, it can provide similar functionality to VPN. Most notably SOCKS proxy is used to access [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SOCKS proxy is a very versatile tool. For example, it can provide a functionality similar to VPN. Most notably, SOCKS proxy is used to access [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) network.
```

Author: Fixed, mostly, didn't reorder "similar".

> To configure `HttpClient` to use SOCKS proxy, you only need to use proper `socks` schema when defining the proxy[^socks]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure `HttpClient` to use SOCKS proxy, you only need to use a proper `socks` schema when defining the proxy[^socks]:
```

Author: also it's scheme not schema :smile: but fixed.

```C#
var client = new HttpClient(new SocketsHttpHandler()
{
    // Specify the whole Uri (schema, host and port) as one string or use Uri directly.
    Proxy = new WebProxy("socks5://127.0.0.1:9050")
});

var content = await client.GetStringAsync("https://check.torproject.org/");
Console.WriteLine(content);
```

> This example assumes you're running `tor` instance on your computer. If the request succeeds you should be able to find "**Congratulations. This browser is configured to use Tor.**" in the response content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example assumes you're running `tor` instance on your computer. If the request succeeds, you should be able to find "**Congratulations. This browser is configured to use Tor.**" in the response content.
```

> [^socks]: In the original blog post, we made a mistake and used wrong overload of [`WebProxy` constructor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.webproxy.-ctor?view=net-6.0#System_Net_WebProxy__ctor_System_String_System_Int32_). It expects only host name in the first argument and cannot be used with any other proxy type than HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^socks]: In the original blog post, we've made a mistake and used a wrong overload of [`WebProxy` constructor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.webproxy.-ctor?view=net-6.0#System_Net_WebProxy__ctor_System_String_System_Int32_). It expects only host name in the first argument and cannot be used with any other proxy type than HTTP.
```

 - support for SOCKS proxy (community)
        - https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/17740
        - https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/pull/48883

# SOCKS Proxy support

We have already written about this addition in [Preview 5 blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-6-preview-5/#libraries-socks-proxy-support). This was a long standing issue ([dotnet/runtime#17740](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/17740)) that got eventually implemented by a community contributor [Huo Yaoyuan](https://github.com/huoyaoyuan). This change added support for SOCKS4, SOCKS4a and SOCKS5 proxies.

SOCKS proxy is very versatile tool. For example, it can provide similar functionality to VPN. Most notably SOCKS proxy is used to access [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) network.

To configure `HttpClient` to use SOCKS proxy, you only need to use proper `socks` schema when defining the proxy[^socks]:
```C#

> var client = new HttpClient(new HttpClientHandler()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
var client = new HttpClient(new SocketsHttpHandler()
```

I know we used `HttpClientHandler` in the previous post, but the support is really only there in `SocketsHttpHandler`.

{
    // Specify the whole Uri (schema, host and port) as one string or use Uri directly.
    Proxy = new WebProxy("socks5://127.0.0.1:9050")
});

> var response = await client.GetAsync("https://check.torproject.org/");
> Console.WriteLine(response);
> var content = await response.Content.ReadAsStringAsync();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
var content = await client.GetStringAsync("https://check.torproject.org/");
```
Nit: may be simpler
